(Some days later, A studio located in Yeonnam-dong)
Yves: Hello~
Yves: I really don’t know what to say…
Yves: I’m 21 years old~
Yves: HaSeul is the same age as I am!
(Here comes HaSeul and HeeJin!)
HeeJin, HaSeul: Hi~
(It feels like it’s been a while since we met them)
HaSeul: Long time no see~
HeeJin: Let me introduce the ninth member of LOOΠΔ!
HeeJin: She looks beautiful~
HeeJin: And I heard her dance skill is amazing~
HeeJin: You’re excited, right?
(They look like they’re expecting something)
(Ah, this?)
HaSeul: It’s been a really long time to stand in front of the LOOΠΔ TV camera.
HaSeul: And I think we forgot how to say.
HaSeul: Shall we move on to the photo shooting for Yves?
(Okay! I will follow you!)
(Even though it’s a studio photo shooting, her beauty still glow!)
#NowPlaying “LOOΠΔ/Yves - new”